here are the parts we will compare
starting with the charging port flex
cable ribbon like the iPhone for the
iphone 5 charging port flex ribbon also
includes the microphone the home button
connector and the loud speaker connector
the iphone 5 charging port is also the
same width as the iphone 4 charging port
the flex ribbon end connector connecting
to the motherboard is also the same we
did notice that the iphone 5 charging
port flex cable ribbon is about one
centimeter longer than the iphone 4
charging port flex ribbon
you
now we'll compare the audio flex ribbons
the iphone five audio flex ribbon as you
can see is much longer from the old
iphone for audio flex ribbon both of
them have many of the same pieces but as
you can see there are also some very big
differences
the iphone 5 microphone is also
connected to the audio flex ribbon while
the iphone 4 microphone is connected to
the power button flex ribbon this is
probably designed to improve the
performance of video chat
you
another difference that we noticed is
the iphone for audio flex ribbon
incorporates a vibe motor contact while
the iphone five audio flex does not
you
now we'll compare the iphone middle
place starting on the left hand side as
you can see both pieces at the bottom
have the same black separation line and
at the top the new iphone 5 has an extra
one this might be there in order to fix
the signal drop issues that the iphone 4
was having
the volume buttons are placed at the
same spots however the mute button on
the new iPhone 5 is placed a little bit
lower below that new separation line
going to the top now as you can see on
the iphone for the black separator line
is still present well on the iphone 5 it
is not however the holes are still
placed in the same position over to the
right-hand side as you can see the new
iphone 5 has a new separation line the
sim card whoever are still in the same
positions
over to the bottom the charging port
holes on the new iphone 5 and the iphone
4 are still all exactly the same
let's take a look now at the front side
of the middle plate
and we'll start with the upper part
there are many noticeable differences on
the upper part most notably is the size
of the plastic piece the size of the
metal piece as well as a whole
configuration on the iphone 4 there's a
camera hole well in the iphone 5 the
camera hole is no longer present there's
also a difference on the right side of
where the screw holes are placed
as we look down towards the bottom of
the middle frame you can see that this
hole is no longer present on the iphone
5 middle frame the iphone 5 middle frame
also has this new metal band just above
the home button the iphone 4 does not
have it this might be added in order to
address the signal issues that the
iphone 4 has been having
okay now we'll take a look at the back
of the middle frames as you can see the
structure on the back of the middle of
frames is also quite different starting
right here that camera hole isn't there
as we saw in the front but there's also
a small little screw an extra screw on
the iPhone 5 that wasn't on the iPhone
foreign the holes as we show it on the
front as well are also all in different
positions
okay moving down to the bottom of the
middle frames you can see that hole
again also you can see that there's
three extra screws on the iPhone 5
probably there to make the phone a
little bit more sturdy then down at the
bottom there's also the whole
configurations that are placed
differently on the two middle frames
this is all we can dispose for now for
more exclusive information about new
iphone 5 parts such as lcds and
motherboards visit us at global direct
parts com more inside news still to come
next week see you then